https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-biome-blend | Better Biome Blend - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/betterfps | BetterFps - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clumps | Clumps - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fastfurnace | FastFurnace - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fastworkbench | FastWorkbench - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/get-it-together-drops | Get It Together, Drops! - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/let-me-despawn | Let Me Despawn - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/nothirium | Nothirium - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/particle-culling | Particle Culling - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/performant | Performant - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/surge | Surge - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/vanillafix | VanillaFix - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei | Just Enough Items (JEI) - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-resources-jer | Just Enough Resources (JER) - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pams-harvestcraft | Pam's HarvestCraft - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mystical-agriculture | Mystical Agriculture - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/patchouli | Patchouli - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/neat | Neat - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/datafixerslayer | DataFixerSlayer (improves RAM usage) - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/storage-drawers | Storage Drawers - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/chameleon | Chameleon - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/torchmaster | Torchmaster - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/crafting-tweaks | Crafting Tweaks - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cucumber | Cucumber Library - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mystical-agradditions | Mystical Agradditions - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mystical-customization | Mystical Customization - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/itemphysic-lite | ItemPhysic Lite - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge