https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mystical-agradditions 
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mystical-agriculture | Mystical Agriculture - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mouse-tweaks | Mouse Tweaks - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clumps | Clumps - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/attributefix | AttributeFix - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/netherportalfix | NetherPortalFix - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fps-reducer | FPS Reducer - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fast-leaf-decay | Fast Leaf Decay - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/agricraft | AgriCraft - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/carry-on | Carry On - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/backpacked | Backpacked - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tektopia | TekTopia - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/largefluidtank | Large Fluid Tank - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/openblocks-elevator | OpenBlocks Elevator - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/additional-lanterns | Additional Lanterns - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/flopper | Flopper - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/redstone-pcb | Redstone PCB - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/wireless-utilities | Wireless Utilities - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/botania | Botania - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/building-gadgets | Building Gadgets - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ftb-ultimine-forge | FTB Ultimine (Forge) - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/wall-jump | Wall-Jump! [FORGE] - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pickle-tweaks | Pickle Tweaks - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/switch-bow | Switch-Bow - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/not-enough-wands | Not Enough Wands - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rlcombat | RLCombat - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/advancement-plaques | Advancement Plaques [Forge] - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/foamfix-optimization-mod | Foamâ€‹Fix - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/phosphor-forge | Phosphor (Forge) - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/death-backup | Death Backup - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/vanillafix | VanillaFix - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mixin-0-7-0-8-compatibility | Mixin 0.7-0.8 Compatibility - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/harder-branch-mining | Harder Branch Mining - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/bow-infinity-fix | Bow Infinity Fix (Forge/Fabric) - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/appleskin | AppleSkin - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/aquaculture | Aquaculture 2 - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/spice-of-life-carrot-edition | Spice of Life: Carrot Edition - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cyclic | Cyclic - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pams-harvestcraft | Pam's HarvestCraft - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tiny-progressions | Tiny Progressions - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tough-as-nails | Tough As Nails - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/xl-food-mod | XL Food Mod - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/telepastries | TelePastries - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/animania | Animania Base - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/animania-farm | Animania Farm - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pams-breadcraft | Pam's BreadCraft - Pam's HarvestCraft Addon - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/enhanced-farming | Enhanced Farming - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/autovws-burger-mod | Autovw's Burger Mod - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pams-brewcraft | Pam's BrewCraft - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dtphc | Dynamic Trees - Pam's Harvestcraft - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/more-charcoal | More Charcoal - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/survivalplus | SurvivalPlus - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pillagers | Pillagers - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/never-enough-candy | Never Enough Candy - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/apple-carrot | Apple Carrot - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/saltymod | SaltyMod - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/schopcraft | SchopCraft - Mods - Minecraft - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei | Just Enough Items (JEI) - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-resources-jer | Just Enough Resources (JER) - Minecraft Mods - CurseForge